Template to start a new latex project.

Relies on [this submodule](https://github.com/cirosantilli/latex-submodule) to factor code out.

The submodule is already installed on this repository,
but you may need to meet its dependencies on utilities such as `pdflatex`.

See its documentation for a feature list, dependencies list and usage.

You can get this template with:

    PROJECT_NAME=name

    git clone https://github.com/cirosantilli/latex-template $PROJECT_NAME
    cd $PROJECT_NAME
    rm -rf .git/
    git init
    rmdir shared
    git submodule add https://github.com/cirosantilli/latex-submodule shared
    git add `ls -A`
    git commit -am 'init'

Note that since this is a template, this will remove all of the template's git history to reduce its size,
since you will not push this to the origin repository, but only to your new project repository.

#directory structure

The intended directory structure for this project is:

- `src`: contains all the main source files such as `.tex` and `.md`.

- `shared`: location of the submodule that factors things out.

- `media`: media files to be used from the latex sources, such as images.

- `media-gen`: media files that are generated programatically via for example matplotlib or gplot.

- `_build/`: location of make ouptut files. Created by make and removed by `make clean`.

- `_dist/`: location of distribution files such as a `.zip` containing all ouptut pdfs.

    What you want to give to end users should be in there.

    Created by make and removed by `make clean`.

To make your project easier to understand, do not use those directories for different purposes,
unless you have a very good reason to do so.

#rationale

##getting the clone

Instead of cloning and removing the history with:

    git clone https://github.com/cirosantilli/latex-template $PROJECT_NAME
    cd $PROJECT_NAME
    git rm -rf .git/

downloading a zip generated by github via:

    wget https://github.com/cirosantilli/latex-template/archive/master.zip
    unzip master.zip
    mv latex-template-master $PROJECT_NAME

would be better in the sense that less data would be downloaded (no history).

We have decided to stick to git for the following reasons:

- downloading the zip introduces 2 non POSIX dependencies: `wget` and `unzip`

- depends on the github interface, so if we ever decide to move to another server,
    there would be work to be done
